Now for the question that I'm
famous for asking on Fridays --
What's everyone
doing this weekend?
Me and Dick are gonna go
check out this cranberry bog
down in the Chimdale Wetlands.
How about you, Deputy Director?
Oh, I'm going to
a different cranberry bog.
♪ With a girl ♪
Oh, nice!
All right, men.
Back to work.
We're in the middle
of a giant mission!
Do you have any plans
this weekend, Stan?
Hey, would you mind
asking the other guys?
I feel like if I answer,
I'll get trapped
in a conversation with you.
But you're the only one
with a family,
and families have always
fascinated me
because I don't have one.
That's a stupid reason
to be fascinated by something.
I don't have a vagina
and I never think about those.
Well, now I'm thinking
about them a little bit.
Thanks a lot, Weitzman.
Now I have to go home at lunch.
Hey, wait!
I have a coupon to take
a whole family to a buffet.
Zoinks!
Thanks, Dr. Weitzman!
Maybe I could join you guys.
Oh, I couldn't ask you
to do that.
After all,
you gave us the coupon.
You've done enough.
So how's your day going?
Sorry. I don't like
a lot of chitchat
while I'm getting my nails done.
Buckle, what's good, my man?!
Everyone -- Everyone get
in the car!
Stan, you can't just
kick the door
off its hinges
and scream at us.
There's a new buffet in town.
And I got us a coupon
for free everything.
Everyone get in the car!
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shinin' a salute
to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
-♪ Good -- ♪
-♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
Aah!
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪♪
Hey, Rog, is Dad forcing you
to go to the buffet too?
What -- What's that?
I'm sorry.
It's just that I am
thinking about, like,
a billion things right now.
What were you asking me?
I just wanted to know if you
were coming to the buffet.
He thinks
I can go to a buffet!
Now.
In the middle of this chaos!
You don't look stressed, Roger.
You're --
You're just sitting here.
Steven!
Leave him!
Maybe it looks that way.
But up here, full meltdown.
Imagine a thousand Chernobyls
and you're halfway there.
So...
2,000 Chernobyls?
You can't put a number on it,
Steve!
It's one meltdown!
Why are we speeding?
We just spent 45 minutes
decorating the car.
What do I love most
about buffets?
In a word -- camaraderie.
I thought we'd get together
and do something fun,
go eat cafeteria style,
like at camp.
Camp isn't fun.
They force you to sing
and ride horses all day.
You chose musical horse camp.
Oh, I thought the horses
were gonna make the music.
Well, forcing us to eat
together isn't camaraderie.
Steve, I'm hearing
that you feel "forced."
Could you expand on that?
I guess these handcuffs give me
that "forced" feeling.
The feelings you're feeling
are very natural
family time feelings.
Would anyone like to know
how I feel about buffets?
This long silence has got
to be tough for you.
♪♪
Make way!
Coupon holder!
Man with a coupon
coming through!
Welcome to
the King's Choice Buffet.
♪ Da-da-da ♪
When you're royalty,
you're here.
The VIP section is located
in the back.
Here's your wristbands.
Ew.
It's a little weird that this
buffet has a VIP section, right?
You wanna hear something weird?
The Goodyear Blimp
is the official bird
of Redondo Beach, California.
Oh, you guys wanna hear
something really weird?
Zerp Znap Za-noodle!
Sit yo ass down.
You need to hear
my patented rules of the buffet.
♪ Stan's patented rules
of the buffet ♪
Rule one -- There are no rules.
Wowwww.
Rule two --
Never fill up on bread.
Rule three --
Plates are for losers.
Cut out the middleman
and pile your food
directly onto your tray.
Rules 4 through 100
only apply to buffets
at strip clubs.
And most important, rule 101 --
You can never have
a bad time at the buffet.
Cold melon and scallop soup?
Uhhh, I'll take nasty-ass soups
for $200, Alex.
Survey says...
I have to smell it!
Ugh! Aah!
I'd like to solve
the puzzle, Pat.
This. Is. A. Disaster.
♪♪
I thought a walk would clear
my head
but I'm just getting
more stressed out!
Look at those flowers.
Not a care in the world.
Sitting around eating bees
all day.
Do I dare?
No, no, you're being silly,
Roger,
with all the irons
you have in the fire.
But on the other hand --
Ahhh, meltdown averted.
Yuck, I don't like the taste,
but I'm a flower,
so I gotta get used
to eating bees.
♪♪
Can we leave now?
The place is closing.
Not until we get the special
VIP dessert we were promised.
What the --
Welcome, Smith family.
I'm so glad you joined us
for dinner,
but your time here is just --
Oh!
Okay, who left this cart out?
Oh, I just bashed my shin!
Oh, turn on the lights!
♪ Let's go ♪
Not those lights!
Why would I want
the disco lights?!
Dr. Weitzman?!
That's right!
Oh, sorry.
My evil genius voice
sounded cool, though, right?
Sorry about my real voice.
I'm making you my family!
What is happening?!
Geez, Hayley, are you dense?
Dr. Weitzman is a lonely person.
He wants a family.
He's gonna force us to live
with him forever in accordance
to whatever his demented idea
of a "family" is.
I'm assuming
these VIP wristbands
are rigged with explosives
and we've been drugged
with a neurotoxin
to temporarily paralyze...us.
I don't know if I'd call
my ideas "demented."
Plus I wanted to be the one
to say all my demented shit.
♪♪
Home sweet home.
-Stan, are you okay?
-Okay?
-I'm having a blast!
-You are?
Of course!
Rule 101 -- You can't have
a bad time at the buffet.
Huh. That's an interesting way
of looking at things, honey.
Excuse me, ma'am.
My sheets are a little tight.
Oh, no, are they a little tight?
They're supposed to be
very tight.
What about all the other people
at the restaurant?
-Were they --
-Background actors.
They actually were all extras
from the
Marvelous Mrs. Maisel set.
Great show.
Getting worse every year.
Can you help us get out of here?
-No.
-What kind of person are you?
I'm not a person.
I'm a robot.
Dr. Weitzman made me.
And then he named me
after a stripper
he once fell in love with.
Okay, put your face back on,
Chardonnay.
No one likes when you do that.
Oh, God, are you two...
I wish!
No, my hostess robot
became sentient,
and as per usual
I'm stuck in the "friend zone."
Okay, it's nigh-nighs,
my sweet family.
♪ Hush, little family,
it's time to hit the hay ♪
♪ You all live with
Dr. Weitzman in a big buffet ♪
♪ You're down here for forever ♪
♪ Now, isn't that fun? ♪
♪ Eat whatever you want ♪
♪ And never see the sun ♪
Ahhh,
this is the life. No stress.
Just eating bees, not thinking
a million miles an hour.
I wonder why bees aren't
more afraid of flowers.
Oh, no.
Let's go!
Steal as many flowers
as you can for the shop!
I don't like this one bit.
What's that thing?
I thought it was a flower,
but I'm not so sure now.
Check out its nasty root bulb.
It looks like a gross, gray ass.
Eh, let's put it in the van.
Maybe some freak will like it.
And now to the cemetery
for more free flowers!
This is so stressful.
♪♪
Dr. Weitzman must've woken me up
seven times last night
walking to the bathroom to pee.
If you ask me, he should spend
less time imprisoning families
and more time
imprisoning urologists.
But counterpoint --
What a great night!
I mean, when was the last time
we all slept together
in the same room?
Obviously I'm not counting
our annual trip
to the Gathering
Of The Juggalos.
Good morning,
my beautiful children.
Can you please let us go?!
There must be
some humanity inside you!
Sounds like you guys are hangry.
Who wants Monte Cristos?
The American riff
on a croque monsieur?!
Sign me up!
Now, two simple rules here
in the Weitzman home --
I'm in control of everything,
and that door over there
is off limits.
I think
that door might be significant.
Yeah, no shit.
Dr. Weitzman --
-Call me Dad.
-No.
-Uncle?
-That's worse.
Dr. Weitzman,
why are you doing this?
Great question, Franny.
Chardonnay, roll tape
and do it like...
Christoph Waltz.
Christoph Waltz mode initiated.
No one knows when
or where Dr. Weitzman was born.
He was abandoned as a baby
in the Lanceton sewers,
where even the rats refused
to be his family.
Dr. Weitzman's adolescence
was spent
in and out of orphanages.
He briefly appeared on
The Mickey Mouse Club
until he caught the attention
of the show's
legendary producer
and was quickly removed.
Then back to his sewers
for doctor school.
But even after becoming
a successful C.I.A. doctor,
he could never find
the right woman.
So he was never able to start
the family
he dreamt of his whole life.
And adoption was out
of the question
because obviously
his appearance
terrifies children --
Chardonnay, did I sign off
on this artwork?
We're screwed.
You know how stubborn Dad is.
He'll never admit you can have
a bad time at the buffet.
You're right.
If we're getting out of here,
it's up to us.
I did it.
I ate all that disgusting soup.
And now to --
Well, shit.
Come on, that door
has to be the exit!
♪♪
Oh, you goofy kids!
Always playing pranks.
I think you all
will love it here.
The days are gonna fly by.
If you don't believe me,
check out this montage.
♪ We are family ♪
♪ I got all my sisters with me ♪
♪ Get up, everybody, and sing ♪
♪ We are fami-lay! ♪
♪ I trapped the Smiths
in a buffet! ♪
♪ We are family ♪
♪ I got all my sisters with me ♪
Who Framed Roger Rabbit!
♪ We are family ♪
♪ Get up, everybody ♪
Okay, gang,
just checked the time
and it's "rock" o'clock.
Be right back with the acoustic.
I can't do it.
I can't listen to him play
another Death Cab for Cutie
song.
I guess some of them
are technically Postal Service.
I've been trying to smile
through all this,
'cause rules are rules.
But some rules
are meant to be --
Broken?
To a crisp.
I have a plan.
Everybody sneak a Monte Cristo
sandwich into bed tonight.
This plan sounds delicious, Dad.
Don't be cute, Steve.
Dad!
We all brought sandwiches
to bed.
What's the plan?
Five minutes, son.
Stan!
Chumbawumba!
Okay.
Everything we need
for our escape
is right here
in the Monte Cristo sandwich.
I'll remove it from the baggie
and just lightly touch
the grease-soaked bread
to the sheets.
Wow. And gross.
Next we use the jam.
Wow, that's strong jam.
I think I just figured out
why I almost died of diarrhea.
Wait.
It's powdered sugar time.
We're not going this way,
but it looks cool, right?
Wait, we should grab Klaus!
There's no time!
Next, everyone take the ham
out of your sandwich and eat it.
It's the perfect
protein-rich snack
to keep our motors humming.
Is anyone there?!
It sounds like
four people eating ham!
Good ham.
Oh, man, the forbidden door
is locked!
Luckily, the "Giving Sandwich"
has one last thing to give.
The bread.
This isn't an exit.
It's a graveyard.
Look at the way they're grouped.
I think they're...
other families.
Yes, there are a lot
of dead bodies,
but at least it's not
a gift shop.
I hate crass commercialism.
But the skeletons are for sale.
I make keychains!
Perfect
for a gas station bathroom!
Do you have
any gas station owner friends
who have a birthday coming up?
You killed all those families?
What?
No, they killed themselves.
On average,
most offed themselves
after living with Dr. Weitzman
for three days.
Though the current record
is the Shelmerdines,
who only lasted 45 minutes.
That hurt my feelings.
But you guys really hurt
my feelings trying to escape.
I thought you loved me.
Wait, the other families
killed themselves
without trying to escape?
Well, it was before
my online guitar lessons.
Before I got really good.
You suck at guitar.
Yeah, man, you suck at guitar.
Keep it up, guys.
I think this is working.
Keep mocking him.
You have long,
beautiful eyelashes.
No, honey!
Aaand you always cuff
your sleeves like Cam
from Modern Family.
That's not good?
Wizard alert!
Get out!
How'd you know he'd let us go?
Actually I was sure
he was gonna kill us,
so I just wanted
to get it over with.
♪♪
I can't believe it.
We're home!
There you all are!
You're good hiders!
I've been looking for months.
Jeff, did you think
we were playing
hide and seek this whole time?
In September I doubted it
for a second.
But then I found this clue.
So I took apart
the water heater,
but you guys weren't in there.
There certainly
was a smell, though.
And a lot of scalding water.
And you guys stayed true
to the game.
When I screamed in agony
for help, you stayed hidden.
And you didn't visit me
in the burn ward.
I can't tell you
how much I respect that.
And now the game is over
and I don't know why.
I guess I can return to my life.
Right back in.
Hi.
-Flower delivery!
-Whoo!
Smells like dead bees
and cigarettes.
It's been in the shop
for two months.
Your sweetheart got
an unbelievable price on it.
Adam, you got me flowers?!
I am Adam and I am guilty.
Whoaaaa, that guy's hot.
The dang door's blockin'
the hot body!
I love it!
So I'm a symbol of love.
That's nice.
I can't believe you remembered
that I love grotesque flowers.
- Ooh!
- Mm.
Stan, I'm happy to be home,
but does
something feel...off to you?
There's no buffet and I hate it.
I'm feelin' it too, Dad.
There was just so much food.
I think that's what I loved
about it.
Sounds crazy,
but maybe we're all...
Concerned about Jeff?
Me too.
I think there's something
really wrong there.
He's not, like, fun stupid,
ya know.
I worry Hayley might be
committing a crime
being married to him.
Maybe we meet with the lawyer,
get on record
what we knew when...
We're talking about the buffet.
Oh, my God, the buffet!
I miss the buffet!
-We all do!
-We gotta go back!
Maybe we just have
Stockholm Syndrome?
If that means overwhelming
desire to break into a buffet,
then I got the stock, homes.
♪♪
And now for dessert.
They're so in love.
And I'm so relaxed.
Get off me!
He's home early!
Now, who the hell is this?
Jennifer,
what's going on?
What is that hideous flower?
Your wife happens
to love hideous flowers!
My best friend
and business partner!
Oh, my jangled nerves!
Oh, good, they're
all gun owners.
This should
de-escalate quickly.
That's a tip for everyone
at home --
No one ever shoots the flower.
♪♪
Dr. Weitzman is
never gonna let us back in.
Remember how we used
the Monte Cristo sandwich
to get out?
Here's a sandwich
to help us get in --
a C-4 Sandwich.
There are also some
tuna sandwiches in the bag
in case anyone wants to scarf.
Wait, this is
the C-4 sandwich.
Wait a second.
That means the tuna...
Stan, did you buy
the cheap tuna again?
No! It was me!
You bought the cheap tuna?
No, I blew up the wall
from the inside.
What a twist!
Why?
Because my family
came back to me.
I'm just so excited!
This guy's not cool.
I'm starting to think
this was a mistake.
No, no, no, no,
let me get my guitar!
And some Legos!
You guys came to rescue me!
Yes.
Yes, we did.
Let's not be here
when Dr. Weitzman comes back.
But the buffet!
I still want a dried-out
piece of Dover sole
and a sweaty sweet potato pie.
I guess we could try
the buffet across the street.
"Smiths eat free"?
I like that price.
Come on in!
Leave whenever you like!
I'm not lonely!
Bye-bye!
See you soon!